docs: promote dashboard (#10333)
lightdash/lightdash: docs/docs/guides/how-to-promote-content.md

style={{ display: 'block', margin: '0 auto 20px auto' }}
/>

## Promote dashboards

You can promote dashboards from the `dashboard` in view mode or from any listing (like home page or all dashboards), click on the `...` button and then select `promote dashboard`

This will promote the dashboard to the `upstream` project as well as all the charts in this dashboard (for both charts within spaces and charts within this dashboard) and all other non-chart tiles like markdown.

> It will also create new spaces if needed and move all the content to the right space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the dashboard or charts are in a space that doesn't exist in the upstream project, then these spaces will be created and the content will be put in these spaces.
```
